chore(curriculum): Wrap strings in quotes in Learn Recursion by Building a Decimal to Binary Converter (#55126)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-recursion-by-building-a-decimal-to-binary-converter/645cd267410ac06bfcaf0bd4.md

`c()` executes, returns the string `"awesome!"`, and is popped off or removed from the top of the stack.

> Remove your ``` `c(): returns "awesome!"` ``` string from the top of the `callStack` array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remove your `"c(): returns 'awesome!'"` string from the top of the `callStack` array.
```

assert.isTrue(callStack.every((element) => typeof element === "string"));
```

> The final element in `callStack` should be the string ``` `b(): returns "is " + c()` ```.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The final element in `callStack` should be the string `"b(): returns 'is ' + c()"`.
```
